Hi everyone I read about my fan of the tube
today a little unpacking of a gtx
580 home gaby you so it's a little the
world of comics every young person
shown last time what but hey
it's home I'm always nice
to unpack so we go to what then at
level of the classic gigabit box
what is a little overview
we are victorious
so when we can see the gtx she
is there at the level of the bundle step
much of molex to 6 and 8 pin not
very nice mess and a guide
quick install
here
the drivers here is not big
thing it's not very generous it's not
as the day before with am3 evil of odds and ends
nice meal this number is only
nothing and here is the map
so they stuck is curious bits
personally I rap friends because what they
have also known a sticker here not very
pretty
so the map as usual to two dvi
hdmi a port display that's thanks to all
what pc blacks happily he is
not beautiful what usually dwells these
blue so that's like da to feed
pin notice as well the map is very
nice except that this thing where I them
have jarter what's it too much but good
it's not very soon for a
next video